Add view popup migration and breaking changes to the changelog (#213)
Esri/feedback-js-api-next: CHANGELOG.md

})
```

### View Popup deprecations and changes

> In a continuous effort to optimize the performance of the API, more specifically the load time, the decision was made to stop bundling the Popup with the MapView and SceneView. The Popup widget receives new features regularly, such as when browsing related records. Each new feature added to the popup widget increases the amount of built code and size of the widget that is being sent to the web browser. For example, the Popup module, which is bundled with the MapView, represents around 50% of the size of the bundle.

Reviewer: Some minor wording suggestions - feel free to ignore
```suggestion
In a continuous effort to optimize the performance and load time of the API, the Popup widget will no longer be bundled with the MapView and SceneView. The Popup widget receives new features regularly, such as when browsing related records. Each new feature added to the Popup widget increases the size of the widget and amount of built code that is sent to the web browser. For example, the Popup module, which is bundled with the MapView, represents around 50% of the size of the bundle.
```

> In this release, the Popup widget loading is deferred until the view is ready and will only be loaded if there are layers with a popup configured since it is only useful once content is displayed on the view. Please expand the details below for breaking changes and the migration strategy.

Reviewer 2: At the moment, Popup is loaded whether the layers have popup templates or not. But it's possible to prevent it by setting `popupEnabled` false

```suggestion
In this release, the Popup widget loading is deferred until the view is ready and finished updating, and will only be loaded if View.popupEnabled is true. Please expand the details below for breaking changes and the migration strategy.
```

TODO: Add code examples.

<details>
  <summary>Click to expand the details regarding the migration strategy and breaking changes for the view's popup</summary>  

### Scenarios that still work

> If using any of the following scenarios, your applcation will not break:

Reviewer: fix typo, and maybe emphasize **not** break (just incase people are skimming through quickly)
```suggestion
If using any of the following scenarios, your application will **not** break:
```

  
#### Setting popup options:
```js
const view = new MapView({
  popup: {
    dockEnabled: true
  }
});
view.popup.dockEnabled = true;
```

#### Opening & closing the popup:
- It is recommended to use the new `View.openPopup()` method instead of `view.popup.open()`, however, it will still work.
```js
// prompts a deprecation warning if popup isn't created
// calls view.openPopup() under the hood
view.popup.open(...);

// new
view.openPopup(...);
```
- It is recommended to use the new `View.closePopup()` method instead of `view.popup.close()`, however, it will still work.
```js
// prompts a deprecation warning if popup isn't created
// calls view.closePopup() under the hood
view.popup.close(...);

// new
view.closePopup();
```

> #### Disable the view's popup

Reviewer: looks like you were using colons in the other headers
```suggestion
#### Disable the view's popup:
```

Reviewer 3: Headers shouldn't need colons.

Reviewer: was just going for consistency! but good point - @lboyd93 could you remove the colons from each of the headers?

```

2. If the application accesses properties of the view model, use conditionally access.

```js
view.popup.viewModel.active;
// becomes
view.popup?.viewModel?.active;
```

3. If the application uses `view.popup.open()` or `close()`, search and replace with `view.openPopup()` and `view.closePopup()`.

4. If the application is only setting options on the popup, no changes are necessary.

```js
const view = new MapView({
  popup: {
    dockEnabled: true.
    dockPosition: ....
  }
})
```

### Configuring the `Popup`

There are multiple ways to configure the popup:

```js
// popup shows for features and other use such as Search results.
// view.popup is available immediately
view.popup = new Popup() 
        
//  popup shows for features and other use such as Search results.
// view.popup is created on demand when the user clicks on the view, or when `openPopup()` is called the first time.
view.popup = { /*...*/ };

// popup is completely disabled and won't show on features, Search results, and `openPopup()`.
view.popup = null;

// popup doesn't show for features on click, but will on Search results and `openPopup()`.
view.popupEnabled = false;
```
</details>

## Breaking Changes

> * TBD

Reviewer: Should there be something in the breaking changes section about this?

Reviewer 3: Yes :)

})
```

> ### View Popup deprecations and changes

Reviewer 3: Add empty line after headers for increased readability and prettier markdown syntax.

> In a continuous effort to optimize the performance and load time of the API, the Popup widget will no longer be bundled with the MapView and SceneView. The Popup widget receives new features regularly, such as when browsing related records. Each new feature added to the Popup widget increases the size of the widget and amount of built code that is sent to the web browser. For example, the Popup module, which is bundled with the MapView, represents around 50% of the size of the bundle.

Reviewer 4: **question**: Is this an SDK or an API after the name change?

```suggestion
In a continuous effort to optimize the performance and load time of the SDK, the Popup widget will no longer be bundled with the MapView and SceneView. The Popup widget receives new features regularly, such as when browsing related records. Each new feature added to the Popup widget increases the size of the widget and amount of built code that is sent to the web browser. For example, the Popup module, which is bundled with the MapView, represents around 50% of the size of the bundle.
```

Reviewer 2: We are still adjusting! :D

Reviewer 4: Right, SDK's contain API's. Makes sense! ✌️

> In this release, the Popup widget loading is deferred until the view is ready and finished updating, and will only be loaded if `view.popupEnabled` (previously `view.popup.autoOpenEnabled`) is `true`. The `view.popupEnabled` property is set to `true` by default, so if you aren't modifying any properties of the view's popup within your application, **there is no action needed**. 

Reviewer 3: Maybe reorder the second sentence to lead with the bold text.
And move the default to the first sentence:

In this release, the Popup widget loading is deferred until the view is ready and finished updating, and will only be loaded if `view.popupEnabled` (previously `view.popup.autoOpenEnabled`) is `true` (which is the default).
**No action is needed unless ** you are modifying properties of the view's popup within your application.

> If modifying the view's popup properties or calling any of the popup methods, please expand the details below for breaking changes and the migration strategy.

Reviewer 3: Should we remove the "expand" part and show all of it?  I think most people will want to read all of, so maybe not hide inside "expand"?
